{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c98824;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17160\viewh13340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Question: No pilot may act as pilot-in-command of an aircraft under IFR or in weather conditions less than the minimums prescribed for VFR unless that pilot has, within the preceding 6 calendar months, completed at least:\
A. three instrument approaches and logged 3 hours.\
B. six instrument flights under actual IFR conditions.\
C. six instrument approaches, holding procedures, intercepting and tracking courses using navigational systems, or passed an instrument proficiency check.\
Correct_answer: C\
\
\
Question: What limitation is imposed on a newly certificated commercial airplane pilot if that person does not hold an instrument pilot rating?	\
A. The carrying of passengers or property for hire on cross-country flights at night is limited to a radius of 50 nautical miles (NM).	\
B. The carrying of passengers for hire on cross-country flights is limited to 50 NM for night flights, but not limited for day flights.	\
C. The carrying of passengers for hire on cross-country flights is limited to 50 NM and the carrying of passengers for hire at night is prohibited.\
Correct_answer: C\
\
Question: Before beginning any flight under IFR, the pilot in command must become familiar with all available information concerning that flight including:	\
A. all instrument approaches at the destination airport.	\
B. an alternate airport and adequate takeoff and landing performance at the destination airport.	\
C. the runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the aircraft's takeoff and landing data.\
Correct_answer: C\
\
Question: The use of certain portable electronic devices is prohibited on aircraft that are being operated under	\
A. IFR.	\
B. VFR.	\
C. DVFR.\
Correct_answer: A\
\
Question: During your preflight planning for an IFR flight, you determine that the first airport of intended landing has no instrument approach prescribed in 14 CFR part 97. The weather forecast for one hour before through one hour after your estimated time of arrival is 3000' scattered with 5 miles visibility. To meet the fuel requirements for this flight, you must be able to fly to the first airport of intended landing,	\
A. then to the alternate airport, and then for 30 minutes at normal cruising speed.	\
B. then to the alternate airport, and then for 45 minutes at normal cruising speed.	\
C. and then fly for 45 minutes at normal cruising speed.\
Correct_answer: B\
\
Question: Except when necessary for takeoff or landing or unless otherwise authorized by the Administrator, the minimum altitude for IFR flight is	\
A. 3,000 feet over all terrain.	\
B. 3,000 feet over designated mountainous terrain; 2,000 feet over terrain elsewhere.	\
C. 2,000 feet above the highest obstacle over designated mountainous terrain; 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle over terrain elsewhere.\
Correct_answer: C\
\
Question: If the aircraft's transponder fails during flight within Class B airspace,	\
A. the pilot should immediately request clearance to depart the Class B airspace.	\
B. ATC may authorize deviation from the transponder requirement to allow aircraft to continue to the airport of ultimate destination.	\
C. aircraft must immediately descend below 1,200 feet AGL and proceed to destination.\
Correct_answer: B\
\
Question: To meet instrument experience requirements of 14 CFR part 61, section 61.57(c), a pilot enters the condition of flight in the pilot logbook as simulated instrument conditions. What other qualifying information must be entered?	\
A. Location and type of each instrument approach completed and name of safety pilot.	\
B. Number and type of instrument approaches completed and route of flight.	\
C. Name and pilot certificate number of safety pilot and type of approaches completed.\
Correct_answer: A\
\
Question: What portion of dual instruction time may a certificated instrument flight instructor log as instrument flight time?	\
A. All time during which the instructor acts as instrument instructor, regardless of weather conditions.	\
B. All time during which the instructor acts as instrument instructor in actual instrument weather conditions.	\
C. Only the time during which the instructor flies the aircraft by reference to instruments.\
Correct_answer: B\
\
Question: Which flight time may be logged as instrument time when on an instrument flight plan?	\
A. All of the time the aircraft was not controlled by ground references.	\
B. Only the time you controlled the aircraft solely by reference to flight instruments.	\
C. Only the time you were flying in IFR weather conditions.\
Correct_answer: B\
\
}